Catherdral shop very reasonable for gifts. 
The cathedral charges an entrance fee which is relatively expensive for an English cathedral. 
Ticket price was a bit expensive at £7.50 per adult but children were free.
Visit to the cathedral cost £7.50 entrance fee though, which seemed quite steep. 
Nice church but too expensive for the entrance.
Very nice cathedral, a little expensive entrance for the official tour.
The Cathedral does charge to enter, however it wasn't expensive at £7.50 each, although cheaper for children and senior persons.
The most beautiful building I've ever seen. Very expensive though to enter
The entry cost is £6 per senior or £7-50 per adult. Very expensive. Should be free 
For me £7.50 seemed a steep entrance fee just to 'be' there.
After our visit we had lunch in the refectory, which was a lovely space too. The meal was tasty and good value
The restaurant is extremely good value for money particularly the Sunday lunch 
Good value entrance fee for visiting the English church.
The cafe located just behind the cathedral offers excellent choice and is very good value.
beautiful cathedral but too expensive for the entry cost.
entry is very reasonably priced at the cathedral.
There is a Cathedral shop selling interesting and reasonably priced souvenirs.
Reasonable entrance fee at the cathedral.
Before we left we went to the cathedral restaurant for a full English breakfast that was excellent and reasonably priced.
I really liked Exeter Cathedral - it had a nicely stocked and addordable gift shop.
Nice church, with a gift shop that is reasonably priced. 
Very nice cathedral. The shop is very good, it has many souvenirs some at bargain prices. 
It is a large cathedral with wonderful architecture but the admission price is high compared to other cathedrals.
The cathedral is a beautiful building well worth the small admission price! 
We had a quick coffee in the Cathedral coffee shop, the coffee was good, the scone was good (made on the premises) but the sausage roll was inedible and was incorrectly charged.
At the cathedral, we felt that the shop was lovely and fairly priced.  
Visitor facilities include a well-stocked and well priced onsite café, serving a range of light lunches, afternoon teas and light snacks in the wonderful refectory.
Exeter Cathedral is large and impressive. However, there is a £6 entrance fee which I believe is too expensive.
The building is beautiful and there is a lovely cafe serving delicious food. Well worth the price.
there is a lovely and affordable tea room at the cathedral where you can indulge in a Devon cream tea.
We used the café at the cathedral after our visit which sold some very nice tiffin and felt affordable!
The Refectory, accessed from outside the Cathedral was just adequate and improperly charged.
The Cathedral Shop was a little disappointing with its Christian content very limited and overly priced. 
We didn't think the entry fee was too bad. 
The cafe also served very good food at a reasonable cost! 
The Gift Shop is also perfect for buying gifts at good prices for people at home.
You can tour this cathedral for a minimal entrance fee and even take as many pictures as you like.
The staff in the cathedral are very kind and helpful and there is an excellent shop, if you need any ecclesiastical gifts or bookmarks at cost-effective prices. 
Stunning interior, although i was not happy at the fees for entry. 
Don't forget the café, you'll find delicious cakes at good prices.
Beautiful building, but entrance fees of £6 for adults and £5 for students just aren't right for Cathedrals. Beautiful architecture, but I shouldn't be charged to go in outside of services to be with God!
Beautiful architecture, but I shouldn't be charged to go in outside of a place of worship to be with God!
I tried to ask for a small discount on an overpriced book at the shop, but was declined. 
Undoubtedly an impressive cathderal, however, I do object to having a compulsory entrance fee in places of worship.
Exeter Cathedral is one of the better cathedrals we have visited. Even at full entry price, we thought was good value.
We stopped at the Coffee shop after our visit, it was also very good at a decent price.
Exeter Cathedral is amazing. A small entrance charge.
Exeter Cathedral is absolutely gorgeous. It is definitely worth the cost of entrance fee.
£7 entrance ...student discount available which was quite good.
When you've visited the cathedral go to the cloisters for lunch. Fantastic and wide selection of lunches. Prices worth every penny.
The Cathedral Cafe serves excellent coffee, snacks and light lunches. Well worth the price.
Historic building but for me the highlight was the Exeter Cathedral Cafe!! The food we had was cooked fresh at a brilliant price. 
If you're lunching on a budget, the café won't disappoint.
The tour guide was very friendly and dispensed but not overwhelming
our guide did a sterling job! She was clear and concise with just the right amount of humour.  
It's such a shame that some of the staff have such a sour and officious attitude, especially in Christian place of worship!
We entered and stood just before the ticket booth, and my mother in law had her camera in her hand. Within seconds a man sat at a table barked at me to tell her she couldn't take photos without asking the lady at the ticket desk. We felt embarrassed and left. 
 When we visited last Christmas a gaggle of men, who appeared to be stewards of some sort, tutted loudly and glared at my daughter when she got near (half a meter away!) to the Christmas tree. Miserable! 
The guide had lots of informative tips to give and lots of interesting stories.
The choristers were fantastic.We were always warmly welcomed.
if you are lucky enough to come in when a guided tour is taking place, it is well worth spending an hour listening to the informative guide.
Wonderful reverend well paced service accommodating to excited children of all ages dressed up as angels, shepherds and so on to take part in the story of the nativity. 
a simply stunning cathedral with very knowledgeable guides
I've always found the staff and volunteers friendly and witty and always interested to share their stories.
The guides really know the history of the place and were pleased to answer all questions on the guided tours.
Lots of helpful and professional volunteers around to chat with. 
The staff are welcoming and cordial and a credit to the Cathedral.
TOP MARKS TO THE CATHEDRAL STAFF. VERY FRIENDLY
The Cathedral staff are faultlessly welcoming. 
great volunteers for answering any questions that you have. 
The Cathedral staff were knowledgeable yet unobtrusive.
The volunteer leading the tour (Lindsay) was so knowledgeable and informative. 
Do take the guided tour. (Our guide Noel was superbly knowledgeable). 
The tour guide was really informative and we learnt so much about our home town Cathedral and its tower. 
Our guide was very knowledgeable and took about an hour to tour us through the cathedral.
 The tour guide was a wealth of knowledge about not only this cathedral but all the others in the country as well. 
Our guide was very knowledgeable and spoke well.
Very informative tour of this magnificent and interesting cathedral was given by a knowledgeable guide. Do not miss. 
The volunteer guides are friendly and welcoming and the free leaflet is excellent.
The staff are brilliant and really helpful and knowledgeable.
Our guide was very knowledgeable and the hour flew by. She made all the facts very entertaining and interacted with the group very well.
We met a lay minister who was an absolute fount of knowledge and she told us a lot about the history of the Cathedral.
The very unprofesional lady receptionist will ruin visitors experience to this beautiful church.  
We felt embarrassed by the attitude of the rude receptionist as they were other people queuing up behind us. Shame on the service !!!!
The Cathedral helpers were very informative.
Very knowledgeable female guide. 
The cathedral is just beautiful and we met a tour guide/volunteer who was so knowledgable and loved sharing his knowledge with us.
As a local we often visit this beautiful building and have a card to allow us free access, however one runs the gauntlet of sometimes unwelcoming staff (presumably volunteers) and we have experienced downright rudeness from them in the past.
Our guide was a little on the pedantic side but he was a nice man and extremely well informed. 
The docent seemed rude, however, and was not welcoming as I would have expected. 
The lady at the reception was not particularly helpful. 
Friendly priest.
You will also find that the volunteer guides are very helpful and are more than happy to answer any questions. 
Lady who took my admission fee was not informative.
If you are interested there are also guided tours which are run by volunteers- very knowledgeable and full of interesting stories about the cathedral. 
Yet once again, our visit was spolit by the brusque and off-hand staff in the main body of the building and in the shop.
The guides were well informed and professional, and on the whole we enjoyed the visit.
There are plenty on site guides who were very helpful to give us a detailed story of the clock inside to the left.  
the staff in the shop too were very friendly and went out of their way to help me find the book I wanted. 
Staff not welcoming on entrance. 
staff not terribly friendly. 
incompetent staff at the cathedral
the staff was not that courteous
